<rev1>
Stayed 3 days at the HYATT REGENCY late September , stay was very good with very attentive and friendly staff , rooms were clean and well appointed my only disappointment was the view from the rooms window all I could see was some type of machinery and builders rubbish not good for a top line hotel .
</rev1>

<rev2>
This is definitely a great hotel. I was a little annoyed by how attentive were staff at breakfast. To the point that unfinished plates were taken away though i wanted to have more, or when I got to help myself, the plates were cleaned too quickly.... Pool was ok, the Spa facilities stunning and the room top notch!
</rev2>

<rev3>
We recently stayed for 5 days for a family break and we thoroughly enjoyed the stay. The Hotel is well located and has expansive lobby area. The pool is large for kids to splash around. The breakfast buffet is sumptuous and well thought out. The only flip side the rooms are smaller in size. The best part is though the staff - very friendly, informative and always willing to help. We had misplaced our mobile at the airport which was promptly returned to us after the Airport staff going out of their way to retrieve it. Thanks to Ornelia for organizing this. Shantanu at front desk was ever helpful in answering all our queries to ensure we visited most of the tourist places. But the breakfast staff - headed by Ashok Rana was the best. They make every effort to ensure you start your day with a smile. Thanks to the staff at Hyatt for making our stay special. Room Tip: Choose a higher floor room if possible Stayed October 2014, travelled with family
</rev3>

<rev4>
The service at the hotel is exceptional. They were extremely courteous and helpful. The restaurants at the hotel are excellent. The breakfast elaborate. The rooms are slightly small and the heritage rooms which are the only connecting rooms were quite antiquated. These rooms need to be refurbished.  The pool was lovely and the spa looked great. Location wise it seemed central and everything was half an hour away. Great stay Stayed October 2014
</rev4>

<rev5>
We stayed here for one night while in transit through Delhi. I picked the Hyatt for its supposed convenience to the airport. (although we tried 4 times to find a taxi at the airport that had any idea where it is located). It was actually a half hour drive on a Sunday afternoon but I'm not certain that the driver went the quickest way. Having said that, the hotel itself is first class - all the excellence you'd expect from a Hyatt. Great room, great food, great pool. Brilliant buffet breakfast. Quite a way from the tourist attractions of Delhi but close to Chanakyapuri. I'd highly recommend if you're in Delhi on business in that area but is really too inconvenient if you're a tourist. We loved it. Stayed September 2014, travelled as a couple
</rev5>

<rev6>
We were booked into this hotel by Travel Pals, our travel arrangers, for the first 3 nights of our visit to the Golden Triangle. Very comfortable, beautifully presented safe hotel with attentive and friendly service in all areas. Stayed September 2014, travelled with friends
</rev6>

<rev7>
I stayed here for a week whilst in Delhi for work. It was just what you need for work - helpful staff, good amenities and some great things going for it.The rooms and general decor were what you would expect from this kind of hotel - a bit over the top but in need of a touch up here and there. However, the flowers were so beautiful, while we were there they had a few different displays that were mirrored throughout the hotel. There was a slight smell of dampness in my room, I was moved to another room which had only a slight whiff and just accepted that it was monsoon season in Delhi! The restaurants were actually really good, the Chinese in particular was fantastic. I've thought about the mixed green veg a few times since! The italian was also good. The main cafe was good for breakfast and for evening meals (although I didn't eat the buffet which seemed to be the main feature). Stayed September 2014, travelled on business
</rev7>

<rev8>
This hotel has now a few years and the time has no effect on it. Which is for India something... Rooms are spacious, well equiped and clean. The restaurant is smart and has fantastic selection of food, indian and western, tasty. Stayed September 2014, travelled on business
</rev8>

<rev9>
Good located. Nice lobby, good service. Really smart hotel with small but all inside rooms. Corridirs are nicely decorated Business center on the 6 floor and a little business cafee. Swimming pool looks realy nice Breakfast is nice and all about the hotel is really ok Would stay again Room Tip: I suggest 6 floor - business center and nice room
</rev9>

<rev10>
We stayed here a week. Very pleasant experience. The staff was amazing and trained well, very helpful. The Italian resto within the hotel was good. I would only stay on a higher floor next time, as the 2nd floor has a bit of a smokey scent in the hallways. Breakfast was plentiful, with almost anything you would need! The gym was well-equipped and had decent trainers on hand. Overall, the hotel rooms (bathroom was an odd design) may need a touch up but definitely a good spot in Delhi! Stayed September 2014
</rev10>

<rev11>
I am halfway through a 7 day stay here at the Hyatt. The other reviews have described the excellence of the hotel itself, but I am amazed by the staff. In all my years of international travel I have never come across staff who are so polite, attentive and friendly. Full marks!
</rev11>

<rev12>
Where do I start? Rooms are small, the bath tub is square and service in general POOR! I am even having to chase them to get my deposit amount back! They are not upfront about the hidden costs or even while charging you for deposit on your debit card (standard global practice is not standard or global, FYI!) Terrible!
</rev12>

<rev13>
Stayed for 2 nights during last week of Aug'14. We also had our corporate event in the Ballroom. The hotel management had meticulously planned the event and everything went as planned, no surprises.  Coming to their rooms, the hotel was built in 1983 and so, the hotel has to live with the 30+ year old dimensions of the room and bath. The room has enough space, mirrors are used inside the room to give a more spacious feeling. However, this is not the same case with the bath. It has only a half-tub and a shower cubicle. The half-tub really shows the lack of space. The major grouse I had is the lighting in front of the bath mirror. Without any shaving mirror/lights and with only the overhead lights, one would get a lot of shadow on your face. It's difficult to get a perfect shave. I am sure, women would also find the lighting lacking for their needs. I fail to understand how a 5 star hotel has overlooked the lighting aspect in the bath. The staff are very courteous and they ensure all your requests are taken care. The hotel is impeccably maintained, given it's age. Food is 5 star. The internet/wifi connectivity is good throughout the hotel. I had to test this for our event. I got 4 Mbps everywhere. No disconnections. The first 3 room categories are of the same size! The first upgrade is a room of the same size, but with a pool facing window. The next upgrade is again, of the same size, but on a floor with access to the Regency club.  Another issue is that there is no direct elevator access from the rooms to their ballroom. You need to get down from the elevator at the lobby level and then take the steps down to the level below where the ballrooms are. Stayed August 2014, travelled on business
</rev13>

<rev14>
Matches the high end of Indian Luxury. Hotel offers a verity of excellent restaurants and first class rooms. Lobby is very big. The service level is high and breakfast excellent. Hotel has its downside though and you can find better 5* in Delhi. I would give the Hotel 9 out of 10 Room Tip: Hotel offers smoking rooms, so if you don't smoke be sure to ask for a non smoking room (the smo... Stayed September 2014, travelled on business
</rev14>

<rev15>
Its an excellent hotel with a very nice location with a very good staff smooth check inn thanx to mhir while discussing with him came to know it was the first presence of hyatt in India would recommend a lot Was very much impressed w the breakfast spread also nice vegetarian choice and good service by ashok would suggest to add some marwadi dessert too Stayed September 2014, travelled on business
</rev15>

<rev16>
Indeed a royal property to make home away from home when you are juggling with your business deals.. Food and in house dining are upto the mark and 5 star level. Check out process was smooth and easy. I recommend this property for frequent travellers like me coming to Delhi. Stayed May 2014, travelled on business
</rev16>

<rev17>
We arrived at the Hyatt Regency Delhi after flying in to Delhi Airport. Security is very tight at the entrance to the hotel. Airport scanners are used to check your luggage as you enter. It is comforting to know that security is taken so seriously. Once through, and into the foyer, you enter a haven of peace. The foyer is large and beautiful and the staff very attentive. After checking in, and being shown to our room, our luggage appeared minutes later. There are at least 5 restaurants in the hotel. We really enjoyed the Thai and the Indian restaurants and the Italian. Normally, in the evenings, we would stop at the bar and watch the area around the pool being set up for the next wedding, or watch the wedding ceremony unfold before us. Fascinating! All staff were very attentive. the only drawback we found, was catching a Tuktuk form the front of the hotel. We wanted to go to Dilli Haat, a market not far from the hotel and the Tuk tuk driver took us to the other side of Delhi to one of his friends markets. Very disconcerting and slightly scary, but we survived and it gave us another story to tell! All in all, a wonderful hotel and could not have been better looked after. Stayed November 2013, travelled as a couple
</rev17>

<rev18>
Stayed here on two trips to India - the last stay being a few years ago. The first time my family and I stayed for 7 nights and the second time for the weekend. I cannot think of a single negative experience during my stays. For my family and I, the Delhi Hyatt was a little retreat spot after long and exciting days of traveling around Delhi, and just overall being ecstatic about being in India - the sites, the sounds, the markets, tourism, and the interactions with people. The Delhi Hyatt has many delicious restaurants and a medium sized shopping strip of stores off the lobby. One time, my daughter and I I strolled around the lower concourse where a young adult was working setting up tables for an event - we had a delightful conversation about meaningful things in life and Indian culture. My daughter and I also met Santa Claus in the lobby one beautiful Christmas Day during our first visit. Our family dreams of our return. Stayed October 2013, travelled with family
</rev18>

<rev19>
We´ve got the chance to stay at Hyatt New Delhi at least for almost 3 weeks. Can´t provide with anything minor or bad. Employees are very friendly regardless where needed. Food´s the best of all New Delhi´s hotels. Specified requests fullfilled without any complaints. Rooms good and very clean. Five star recommendation is mandatory Room Tip: Rooms better to the poolside. Streetside rooms might be a bit noisy during rushhour See more room tips Stayed August 2014, travelled on business
</rev19>

<rev20>
My recent stay at the Hyatt Regency Delhi proved that its not just the property but its employees and their service that makes ones stay memorable. Right from my check-in to my check-out, with everything including Restaurant/Bar,Fitness Center, Regency Club experience, was all about the staff that actually cares. Minor hiccups were promptly taken care of and I actually left the hotel with a fond memory. I have stayed at many Hyatts worldwide and have concluded that the service at this property rules!! Kudos to the GM and his team that is providing a world class service. Would recommend a stay all the way. Room Tip: ask for a pool facing and recently renovated room. Better still stay on the regency club floor since... Stayed September 2014, travelled solo
</rev20>

<rev21>
Stayed here for 1 night for business in south Delhi. The hotel is excellent, clean, well maintained. The restaurants are excellent. The pastry shop is outstanding (Sidewalk). The service - as in most 5 star hotels in India- very warm and friendly. Recommended.
</rev21>

<rev22>
This is an excellent hotel, with an impressive lobby and lovely grounds featuring an enormous swimming pool. The service was superb throughout, whether it be the reception staff, the waiters, or the cleaners -- all could not have been more efficient and helpful. My room was most comfortable with a well stocked mini bar, free high speed wifi, room safe, TV with a good selection of English-language channels, and an excellent bathroom with a great shower. I tried the hotel restaurant for the buffet breakfast, where there was an amazing selection of Indian, continental, and Anglo-American fare. I thought the hotel was flawless and strongly recommend it. Stayed August 2014, travelled with friends
</rev22>

<rev23>
After reading some reviews about the small room size, I was quite concerned about staying in the hyatt. But when I arrived although the rooms were smaller than the radisson I stayed at in Agra previously, they were still very comfortable. The hotel itself is absolutely massive, with a shopping complex (that felt like a small shopping centre!). The spa was extremely luxurious, I would definitely recommend it, the best spa at any hotel I've stayed at! The pool area is brilliant (although very deep!), and at night there's a beautiful view of the hotel lit up! The service in all the restaurants is impeccable, with a waiter available all the time, and the buffet is delicious, again one of the best I've ever had. Overall, one of the best and most luxurious hotels I have ever stayed at, and I would definitely recommend it!! Stayed August 2014
</rev23>

<rev24>
for being close to airport it is a nice structure, well appointed rooms, clean and smooth service. regency club lounge is small and with limited food and drinks. wifi works well. Amazing bathroom with a "fall in" shower, really huge!!! Stayed September 2014, travelled on business
</rev24>

<rev25>
I am regular guest at the hotel and always have good experience . the hotel is a bit old . Centrally located and value for money . room sizes are small but perfect for business traveler. Staff are courteous and good at their work . Stayed August 2014, travelled with family
</rev25>

<rev26>
This hotel must be easily be over two decades old and it shows. The location, though, is very good with easy accessibility to the airport, South Delhi and Connought Place. Rooms are decent, though a tad small. Good as a business hotel but I wouldn't advise anyone to holiday or honeymoon here. Stayed August 2014, travelled on business
</rev26>

<rev27>
we stayed with group of friends and the exterior of the hotel looks nice but from inside its very bad the hotel needs to do some maintenance in the lobby swimming pool area the room windows are very dirty they do say that they clean the windows everyday but i doubt it the rooms are very small if u r alone then it solves the purpose but if u r a couple or with a child then this place is a complete no no don't even think of statin here the rooms on the booking sites look big but they are actually very small the food is also ok not that gr8 Stayed August 2014, travelled with friends
</rev27>

<rev28>
Nice ambience . very helpful and courteous staff though the room which was appointer to us was supposedly newly renovated according to the receptionist but the bathroom had its ceiling leaking with water going outside the room. Stayed August 2014, travelled solo
</rev28>

<rev29>
I have stayed here numerous times over the last 20 years and although its not the best best in Delhi, it serves its purpose. The newer rooms are small but cozy. The hotel has numerous food outlets. The hotel tends to suffer from power cuts. Stayed May 2014, travelled on business
</rev29>

<rev30>
Stayed here over several business trips to Delhi, and each stay had me disappointed as there was invariably something wrong/missing from the room I was given. The last straw was when they forgot to send the airport pick up and after arriving at the reception on a taxi at 11:30pm, the rooms were not ready and I had to wait 30 minutes. Needless to say, I never went back, switched to the Westin. Stayed October 2013, travelled on business
</rev30>
