/R1

Very Friendly and accommodating Staff Great and tasty Breakfast Close to Airport Clean Room Clean Bathroom Free Complementary drink Great value for Money Free Wifi .Rooms not too big, but okay No Sound proof, hallways were a bit noisy 

R1/

/R2

Had 3 separate nights booked here all with airport transfers. Impeccable service, we were picked up/dropped off on each occasion from the airport. The rooms are clean and spacious, breakfast was lovely with loads of choice. Dinner from the menu was extremely good. Loved it Special thank you to Himesh on reception who was a delight.The Pool was not open 

R2/

/R3
Nice modern hotel, located in 10 min drive from the international terminal. Good gym and overall facilities.Wi fi is not free and even you pay, you must use only one device, so if you want to connect another one, you will have to pay again. 
R3/

We stayed at ITC Maurya ,New Delhi. And I must say that the whole experience was great. Very personalized service,Great food,excellent pool,beautiful & we'll maintained property.

R3/ 

/R4

Had a brief stay at ITC Maurya - centrally located & a beautiful hotel. The rooms are a tad bit small but very well maintained. The Breakfast spread is huge.....unfortunately could not dine at Bukhara & the newly opened Tian. 

R4/

/R5

Rooms good. Room service good. Staff is very alert and helpful. The food is good and good service in restaurant too. But the menu in the breakfast was repititive. The front office manager is a wonderful man. He was very busy with the Chinese delegation staying but he still had time for us. 

R5/

We stayed at ITC maurya during our recent trip to New Delhi.The service was excellent, lobby and decor inside was spledid. Dinner at Bukhara was delicious so was the breakfast at the Pavilion.Kids had great fun at the pool and they loved their 1st stay in delhi.Overall it was a delightful experience and we would love to stay there again! 

R5/


/R6

have stayed here couple of times and each time it gets better and better. The hotel has set a new bar for the other hotels.The majestic decor in the lobby will surely catch your attention and staffs are Prompt in service, friendly and at the same time very professional. Excelent food, and wide variety of choices are avialble. This hotel is elegant and has class of its own.
Overall, it's the finest hotel in delhi and comes second to none. 

R6/

/R7

This hotel is superb in every way. Spa ,food,rooms and best of all the wonderful people who look after your. The recreational areas keep you well relaxed after a busy day. The lounges are wel outfitted. The snacks are excellent 

R7/

/R8

Our experience was truly first class. From the moment we arrived at the hotel we were treated extremely well and everyone was so welcoming. The staff at the Pavilion restaurant were some of the friendliest people we had ever met and the buffet breakfast was incredible and delicious! Bukhara restaurant was also amazing! We would recommend this hotel to anyone that visits New Delhi as we will be sure to come back next time we visit.

R8/

/R9

Very good hotel. Excellent rooms, very efficient service, excellent staff always ready to help. Locality is very qute and premium. Easy to approach areas like India Gate, President House, Parliament house etc. 

R9/

/R10

It is indeed rare to stay at a hotel where every staff member makes you feel welcomed and well cared for. This is such a hotel. You feel like every single employee wants to ensure that you are enjoying yourself. Nonetheless, our event went off beautifully at the Grand Ballroom which was well organized along with the dinner hosted at the pristine lawn. The great service ensured that the privacy was never compromise. The experience that this hotel provided us with, specially in what it takes to comfort, food, service and most of all - attention, kindness and concern by every single member of the staff is truly unforgettable. It's rare to rate 5 stars on such parameters but here we seriously cannot find any detail that this hotel could get a lower rate. Congratulations to the ITC chain and mostly to the much responsible staff to make out of these hotels the excellence that they are. 

R10/

/R11

Very posh and luxury hotel, located in an exclusive and lush area with top range restaurants. Staff are very polite and professional. A pity I did not have the buffet breakfast as I needed to leave at 6 am for my Taj Mahal tour. Overall a good experience and will come back again if I visit New Delhi. 

R11/

/R12

My extended stay was so enjoyable because of this comfortable, yet luxurious hotel. The staff are so kind, friendly, diligent, and responsible. Relax, eat well, unwind, work out, and be at home here! I hope to come back to India and would not stay anywhere else. 

R12/

/R13

It was just like athome yes not to forget all the luxuries provided. 
The overall ambience was very cozy and the artwork in the property was treat for the eyes! 
Supportive staff , good quality food, excellent service is what one can expect from this lovely property!!! 

R13/

/R14

It was month of April and we were so thrilled about visiting Delhi and mauriya was cherry on top to the overall experience..The staff was very supportive and the feeling of pamperness was overwhelming. The food was amazing with lovely ambience. 
The taste was fantastic!I would surely want to stay here again... 

R14/

/R15

This is a 5 star hotel and all those stars definitely are noticeable during your stay! There's absolutely outstanding service from all the staff around the hotel! Also the hotel itself is amazing!! a huge, beautiful hall; large, but really cozy rooms, great choice of restaurants too!! food was delicious, too!! Definitely a recommended to anyone! 

R15/

/R16

Amazing property, wonderful location and great food ... All the restaurants serve different cuisine and food is superb in each of restaurant. Room & gym size little small, would have preferred bigger bathroom. Pool was good but could have more clean water and should be open atleast till 10 pm as after work, usually u reach hotel by 7.30-8 pm and pool is closed by 8 pm. Well telephone system in my room was not working and in spite of continues follow by even a duty manager, it could not be fixed. Front office staff was very good and tried their best to fix it but every time technical team would repair it, with in few hours system would give up .... But let me say staff in front office, all restaurants, gym and swimming pool were very friendly & helpful .... Though, would prefer little bigger room and bathroom, as my overall experience was really good, particularly with staff at all the places, I would love to stay here even on my next visit .... 

R16/

/R17

My colleague and I stayed at the Maurya this past week during a business trip to Delhi. This was our 4th stay there in the last 12 months and we continue to be impressed with the overall experience with the service, restaurants and the facilities in general. Definitely world class and would highly recommend to all business and holiday travelers. 

R17/

/R18

Stayed in this hotel which is located in diplomatic area. view from the room given to me was not so rosy. But the restaurants in this hotel are still better. The range of food provided in the complimentary Breakfast are also varied. And they have a very good Gym too. 

R18/

/R19

Had the chance of visiting the ITC showcase at the Maurya recently whereby all ITC group hotels had gathered for an interaction with the Trade members, and was really impressed by the wide spread layout for lunch , comprising of its trademark Bukhara dishes, along with good South Indian Food, and sumptuous North Indian delicacies, It was a real great experience. 

R19/

/R20

Great service. Beautiful lobby, nice room and breakfast restaurant. Staff has been wonderful. I would definitely go back!! We also went to one of the restaurants inside the hotel- very good!! The executive club "exclusive" rooms are really nice. It's a few minutes away from the rest of the city, but definitely a quiet and nice place where to retreat after a full day in the city! 

R20/

/R21

Even though i just stayed here 1 night i must admit that i was very surprised about the quality of the breakfast, dinner, fitness area, pool area and the rooms! Will definitely stay here again if I would have the choice

R21/

/R22

ITC Maurya Sheraton is just fantastic,I have booked with http://www.lookindiahotel.com . I love this hotel. It is in a convinient location in Delhi. The rooms are well appointed, comfortable beds/pillows, robes, slippers, tea or coffe, the breakfast buffet was wonderful, check in and out and any concierge help we needed was perfect. We ate at the buffet and there were an abundance of choices. The grounds are secure and you always feel safe. Highly recommended for any business traveler to Delhi. Would not stay anywhere else. 

R22/

/R23

This is a great hotel.Wonderful location.No one can beat them in food quality. Their restaurants are amongst the best in the city.Make sure you get higher floors. And make sure you surf well to find the best rates. Even will be good with kids. 

R23/

/R24

Whenever I am traveling in the past 6 Years to Delhi for business I am choosing this Hotel. A few of many reasons are the always hearty people that recognize you even after weeks and months. The well trained staff is pro-active, helpful and courteous and will help you prompt. The rooms are spacious, well designed in a modern style and of course very clean. The Gym is good equipped with everything you need for a proper workout and if you prefer to have a food feast instead you go to the world-class Indian's number one Restaurant, the "Bukhara"! If you want to go for a shopping trip to the bigger malls you have to take a cab and drive for a while. The ITC Maurya is the perfect Hotel in Delhi for Business trips and also for short Family Holidays.

R24/

/R25

Already before the entrance welcoming staff. Bright lobby, lots of glass in the whole house. Friendly check-in. Rooms very big, modern/elegantly furnished. Safe, mini bar, water heater with tea and sachets available. Bathroom and space in the shower are rather spacious. In room service very efficient. Quiet location, hotel-owned car park. In-room wi-fi, shopping center about 250m away, good mattresses, selection of toiletries well chosen.Breakfast buffet extensive!
The food in the hotels other restaurants also extraordinary Enjoyment.Guest services member Gurbani was very proactive in suggesting places of our interests, keeping in mind every necessary detail.Definitely visit this hotel for a short trip in future.  

/R25

/R26

Everything in this hotel is perfect: location, common areas, room, personnel, service. Everybody anticipates your needs, it seems as if they are emerging from the floor in order to assist you. The breakfast buffet is gorgeous, the restaurants are fantastic. 

R26/

/R27

When you enter this hotel, it is obvious that this hotel is an institution in itself.. Great amenities, excellent food options and a great vibe.. Although, if you are travelling for business, this hotel can be a slightly distracting with all the visitors to the restaurants in the evening.. The restaurants in this hotel are trademarks in New Delhi, however, they are quite expensive for Delhi..

R27/
