<rev1>
Recently stayed here while in India for a wedding. An amazing hotel! The entire staff were wonderful and made sure we were comfortable at all times. I can not say enough about this place and will definitely make it our home away from home for future visits to Delhi
</rev1>

<rev2>
Just spent 10 days at the Lalit, best service I have ever had. All staff were exceptional and first class. Great food, restaurants, spa. Never wanted for anything everything we needed was at are finger tips. We recommend this hotel to everyone. Will be back .
</rev2>

<rev3>
Huge structure, but very well managed. The rooms are comfortable, cosy, and all services and the restaurants are of high quality. Staff is helpful (I was there for business purposes). Very close to city centre.
</rev3>

<rev4>
I stayed at the Hotel Lalit near the center of New Delhi for three and one half nights. The rooms were clean but showing their age. Amenities were nice and the staff very friendly. Minibar service was spotty and overall service was slow. The food was the highlight with very good international breakfast and lunch buffets in the main café. The rooftop restaurant, The Grill, had great panoramas of Delhi and beef steak on the menu; a first for me in India. I ordered the Cornish game hen which was tasty but overdone, while the grilled vegetables were superb. I had an excellent Sangiovese with dinner. Other disappointments were misinformation on when the gym was open and the lack of TV connection on the exercise bike. The cocktail lounge was very good with excellent mixologists, but the draft beer was not working. Room Tip: Ask for a room on the side of the hotel not facing the railway staion to avoid the 3:47 AM train whi... Stayed October 2014, travelled on business
</rev4>

<rev5>
We stayed at the hotel for 6 nights in early Oct'14, me, my wife and two 6-month babies. Must say that the staff went out of their way to make it a very good experience for us. They accommodated all the requests which come with managing babies (and two of them, sometimes cranky on top of that). I highly appreciate the 24/7 restaurant team (Mr. Sunil Sharma, the lady from the North-East who was receiving diners (didn't manage to get her name), the chefs who rustled up fabulous food, the staff who were always courteous and smiling), everyone did a perfect job. Also the housekeeping team was excellent, so also front office and concierge. Would definitely come back to the Lalit in case I am ever in Delhi again Stayed October 2014, travelled with family
</rev5>

<rev6>
Recently visited India for my daughters wedding. The whole family stayed at the Lalit. We were so impressed with all of the staff and services. If there was anything we needed or wanted it was followed through with courtesy and professionalism. We travelled with an infant and felt relaxed and comfortable. The breakfast buffet was vast and varied. Excellent choices.Would absolutely stay again and as I have family now in Dehli, will not hesitate to return to the Lalit. Thank you so much for an excellent experience Stayed September 2014, travelled with family
</rev6>

<rev7>
My family recently traveled from Canad to India for my sister's wedding. We stayed at the Lalit for 2 weeks and loved it. The rooms were clean and modern - some of the showers did overflow but it's manageable. The complementary bottles of water and fresh fruit that is available daily was a nice addition. There is a spa onsite with a variety of services and very friendly staff. We enjoyed the breakfast buffet every morning in the restaurant downstairs and found the lunch/dinner menu to be decent but slightly overpriced. What made our stay so wonderful though was the hotel staff. They could not have been more lovely and accommodating. Several times they went above and beyond to assist us and make us feel at home. They greeted us with friendly faces and warm hellos every time we came down from our room or returned to the hotel and they all seemed genuinely interested in our stay in India, what brought us there, and wanted to ensure that we enjoyed our stay. We left the Lalit for a few days as we traveled to another area of India but returned to the Lalit once back in Delhi and we were greeted like old friends. I have family now in India so I will be returning from time to time. I will not hesitate to stay at the Lalit whenever I do. Stayed September 2014, travelled with family
</rev7>

<rev8>
We have stayed at this Hotel before, it was a good experience then and it has got even better. After a very quick and pleasant check in we were given a very spacious and clean non smoking room on a high floor as requested. The room itself has a typical hotel chain charm. I found the pillows a bit soft and the mattress a bit hard, but that's me. The bathroom had a large walk in overhead powerful shower which was nice. The breakfast had a large variety and catered for many tastes. The dishes tasted very nice although at times the service was a bit slow when there were lots of guests. The freshly made Dosa's and Paratha's were brilliant. One irritating thing I found was that there is not enough information regarding the restaurants and the Bar within the hotel. We had a late check out at 3.30pm. All staff seem to know what they were doing and were excellent. Wi Fi is charged extra. The hotel is centrally and conveniently located close to Connaught Place with loads of shopping areas and there are plenty of Taxi's available outside the hotel when required. Overall very satisfied with our stay and represented excellent value for money. Room Tip: Rooms at the back are good especially if you are a fan of trains Stayed September 2014, travelled as a couple
</rev8>

<rev9>
I stayed @ The lalit New Delhi, for a month and the service given was excellent . I had certain major issues with services but I am really thank full to the staff of The Lalit who worked on it and got things on place. I am happy to say till this hotel as the staff and the management whome I would like to mention below . This group and specifically this hotel would always have a good name and service in future. I would like to mention Mrs. Shalini (Housekeeping Mamager), Ms. Priyanka from guest services , Mr. Rahul from concierge , these were some of the names I could recollect and appreciate . I thank you guys for making my official stay wonderful. Stayed September 2014, travelled on business
</rev9>

<rev10>
As my title is very confusing but there are certain reason for this. The hotel & rooms & cleanliness all issues are good but the nightmare is at 28 floor in the chinese restaurant. The woks Dear friends i am a loyalty club member of the lalit group of hotels (which is a paid membership open to all) they offer certain discounts on food & rooms to its members . During my stay on 3/10/2014 the asst f&b manager mr rohit kumar singh and few of his colleague were the star devil who spoilt the whole stay of mine in this beautiful hotel . On presenting the card after meals we were very rudely and harshly refused the promised discount. When i asked for the manager mr rohit kumar came and he was on the height of arrogance and rude behavior . Not only he said that he dont like loyalty club members , also instructed us to not to visit the restaurant againetc etc.friends this is a good 5 star hotel with all luxury required. Just avoid the woks restaurant if you are loyalty member. Or pray mr kumar is on holiday. Plz note that all other staff was is very polite and ready to help u anytime. Stayed October 2014
</rev10>

<rev11>
Stayed here from 28th September to 30th September and again on 3rd October 2014 night (since it was already pre-booked :-( ). Room was average (wooden flooring is of poor quality),food was excellent, staff decent. Now comes the worst part - after full-day outing on 29th September when we came to our room, the key was not working. Went down to get the keys to re-activated, still it didn't work. Finally the hotel team found that the battery of door-lock had gone dead!! This is unthinkable in a 5star hotel!! My tired family waited in the lobby for 30 mins!! Stayed September 2014, travelled with family
</rev11>

<rev12>
This was our 1st stay. We had a pickup from NDLS and drop off to IGI the same day. Hotel gave us free early check-in at 8:30 AM and we left hotel at 11:00 pm to airport. Water in shower overflowed on the first use. We used towels to soak/wipe it. Lunch at Baluchi was good but was very expensive and not worth the money spent. The pick up and drop off was done using Innova since we have 4 big suitcases and 4 small bags and was very good. You can mention it during the booking and ensure to get their biggest car (Innova). Pick from from NDLS was inside the 1st AC cabin. We did take 2 coolies to move the luggage to the car. Bed was very comfortable, we booked deluxe twin beds with free wi-fi and breakfast. Person on front desk gave us the free breakfast same day. Service was great. Hotel was very safe, we use the safety box in the room. Overall a great experience, would stay again. You should try to book in advance to get best rates. Room Tip: Family of 2 adults and 2 kids from Kansas City, MO. Stayed October 2014, travelled with family
</rev12>

<rev13>
My daughter was in Delhi for business and for the experience I joined her for 5 days in Delhi. I was met at the airport by Manesh, the very dapper and hospitable gentleman who had just enough conversation for someone who just stepped off of a 14 hour flight. From that point on we were greeted with a smile, bow and "Namaste". For five days we enjoyed the pleasures of the Lalit and those who worked there from the dining room staff, concierge, doormen, room service (which we indulged in for an entire day) and our housekeeper; who seemed genuinely disappointed on the day we stayed in and/or mistakenly hit the DNR button. Our room was beautiful and roomy on the 25th floor; allowing us a pretty great view of Delhi and Old Delhi, if you looked hard enough you could see the Red Fort, amazing. The bathroom was a nice size with a separate bath and stand up shower (with rain shower head that we could not figure how to turn on ... blaaah). We were near a train station but we spent all of our time traveling in taxis which were right outside the door or we utilized the car service of the hotel. The pool was nice as well but could've been a bit more clean (stained chair covers) for an area with very few people utilizing it. The art work was FABULOUS and we enjoyed the daily Chakra (from Rejuve Spa which we didn't get to utilize). Stayed September 2014, travelled with family
</rev13>

<rev14>
A great stay at the Lalit once again. Fast check in and professional staff. Great location a 5 minute walk to Connaught Place or 3 minutes to the nearest metro. Booked into an executive room. Good views, spacious room, good bathroom (though not a great shower) and good amenities. Had plenty of food in 24/7 the bar and restaurant downstairs and was pretty good! Will definitely be back in a couple of months. Stayed September 2014, travelled on business
</rev14>

<rev15>
stayed one night at this beautiful hotel, very specious and modern rooms with decent amenities.. excellent service which i must appreciate.. pricing could be little improved.. i loved the breakfast buffet,, huge spread and delicious food... truly enjoyed the stay.. loved the car display too Stayed September 2014, travelled on business
</rev15>

<rev16>
This is a very good, very trendy hotel in a good location near Connaught place. It has some great facilities and restaurants and a very trendy night club. Unfortunately, many of the staff (but thankfully not all) seemed indifferent to customer service, outwardly caring but unfortunately that was as far as it went, some even seemed oblivious to customers needs. Reception desk bar staff and restaurant waiters were generally in this category. However some exceptions that are worth mentioning that made me feel like a special guest were the Bell Captain Ishu Rai, very helpful and knowledgeable, Ayesha, hostess at 24/7 restaurant who was very welcoming and helpful and Chef Daf on the Chinese food at 24/7, on the ball and bang on customer care. Well done. This is a great hotel which I recommend and would stay at again notwithstanding some of these negatives. Stayed September 2014, travelled solo
</rev16>

<rev17>
This hotel, far exceeded our expectations. Travelling with 2 young children we booked club lounge access, where Mr Rahul, Mr Manoy, a the team looked after our every need. This was our first visit to Delhi, which was made so much easier by the high level of service that was on offer to us. Breakfast Buffet , is out of this world, you will want for nothing ! Pool area is a good size, and well maintained. Pastry shop will have you going back for more.  Centrally located , and rooms a Good size.
Would stay here again & again. Stayed September 2014
</rev17>

<rev18>
Lovely large scale hotel with great amenities and large, luxury rooms. Staff were all very pleasant and accommodating. However I had a problem with the lights not working in my bathroom and despite reporting twice they were never fixed which was disappointing. The food in the buffet restaurant on lobby level is amazing - had both dinner and breakfast here and choice and quality is superb. Stayed September 2014, travelled on business
</rev18>

<rev19>
Our one of client stay there, he was happy to take services from this hotel. we would like to recommend this hotel to our more n more client who wish to travel in delhi.Exceptionally comfortable rooms for a very reasonable price. The hotel staff are very helpful and warm . The breakfast is good . The overall ambience of the hotel is good. The travel around New Delhi is convenient . Stayed October 2013, travelled as a couple
</rev19>

<rev20>
the hotel is big and staff attentive . it is centrally placed and good place to vist delhi from Food in restaurants excellent 24/7 bar is long bar overlooking city and good spirits Travel to delhi from airport can be tedious and I have taken form 35 minutes to 2 hours to get to central delhi . make sure if travelling that leave plenty of time to travel Room Tip: on executive floor better rooms Stayed July 2014, travelled on business
</rev20>

<rev21>
Exceptionally comfortable rooms for a very reasonable price. Excellent restaurants. I particularly recommend the 24/7 bar on the main level where mixologist Sukesh Panwar makes an excellent martini. His mystery ingredient? Hint: it's a slight lemon flavor but you have to taste it to find out!
</rev21>

<rev22>
In the heart of Delhi Lalit is a nice place to stay . The hotel staff are very helpful and warm . The breakfast is good . The overall ambience of the hotel is good. The travel around New Delhi is convenient .
</rev22>

<rev23>
The pros: good location, decent quality rooms. The cons: the worst customer service I've had at any five start in India: 1) I was left at the airport with no pick-up. The hotel duty manager proceeded to offer up a lot of excuses but did not apologise, or offer to make it up to me. 2) It took ONE AND A HALF HOURS to have print outs sent to my room, and my instructions on the email to the business centre were ignored. 3) Staff on the phones would put me on hold for more than 10 minutes at a time, and twice hung up ! 3) It took 2 HOURS to have shampoo and an ironing board brought to my room. 4) I had to wait for twenty minutes to be seen in the business centre after being told to wait for 2 minutes and complaining after 5 minutes that I hadn't been seen. 5) The concierge kept taking phone calls while dealing with my recommendation for a restaurant. Rude and unprofessional. In short, I had a terrible experience at the Lalit but this level of customer service seems to be standard. I am unfortunate enough to have to return to the Lalit in a couple of days, and can only hope things will be different this time around. Stayed September 2014, travelled on business
</rev23>

<rev24>
Professional, prompt service. beautiful rooms. LAVISH buffets. totally worth it. We came running from a bad service in another hotel, and was just so blown away by their brilliant welcome and service and it was a world apart from our previous hotel (of comparable price) and our package was amazing. 2 buffets everyday plus full free Wifi.. lovely to say the least. Room Tip: Great food. Choose the one with the free buffets Stayed September 2014, travelled with family
</rev24>

<rev25>
It was my first trip to the hotel and the experience was great. The staff were always ready to fulfil all of our requests and really did make us feel like home. The service was by far the best part of the hotel. For example, Jasmine Walia came to out car to greet us and escorted us straight up to our room where she completed the check-in process. I thought this was a particularly great tough as after a long flight the last thing we all want to do is wait through an arduous check-in process. These small touches continued throughout my stay. The food was also exceptional and I would like to specially mention Dataram, Pradeep Sharma and Gaurav Sachdeva for going the extra mile for me. The concierge was also very helpful. The location was also great as it was very close to the metro station. Overall the hotel was great and i look forward to staying again soon. Stayed August 2014, travelled with family
</rev25>

<rev26>
Visited in August for 1 night 2 days. Club rooms are good especially for business travellers. Good spread for buffet meals. Club rooms get free snacks and drinks during certain hours. Good views from higher floors... Stayed August 2014, travelled on business
</rev26>

<rev27>
I've stayed at this hotel umpteen times on business trips and happy to say that it has improved greatly, especially in terms of recognizing regular guests and taking care of their preferences. However, the hotel often seems to suffer from inadequate or poorly trained staff. Response times are often very long for house keeping or service requests, and check in and check out is usually very badly handled. Was kept waiting for nearly half on hour during check in, well past midday. Check out was appalling. Was not informed that check out procedure was not complete because the reception did not receive instruction about one item of expenditure to be billed to company. I was in a meeting right in front of the check out staff and he did not bother to inform me. When I was about to leave and asked for my luggage, the concierge informed me that check out wasn't complete. From that point, it took another half an hour and numerous phone calls to office. The hotel car driver then took a disastrous detour on the way to the airport and lost his way. Almost missed the flight back home to Calcutta after being almost a fortnight on the road on work. The only reason I made it to the flight was because it was delayed. I would urge the hotel management to look at staff numbers and training. And the whole check in / check out needs to be redesigned. Stayed September 2014, travelled on business
</rev27>

<rev28>
My last stay in this hotel was very good. I found the staff very friendly and the rooms were very good. i would like to to Thank the staff for their wonderful service and the management for the care they have provided. Thank you for the complimentary service you provided. Lookign forward to staying again. Stayed September 2014, travelled on business
</rev28>

<rev29>
With a room on the 22nd floor I was glad the lifts worked!  The bedroom was OK but I'm not a fan of glass walled bathrooms - Since I was on my own it made little practical difference. Wifi worked, shower water was hot, lights didn't work but maintenence arrived swiftly and flicked the fuse box in the ceiling void. Housekeeping didn't arrive to about 4pm and I was back from work by then so they made the room up around me as I worked - would have been preferable if it had been done while I was out. After so many Indian buffet meals I selected the grill on the 23rd floor for diner; It was stupidly expensive even by London standards and this is Delhi! ...and that is without being 'extravagant' by ordering Wagu (or any other form of) beef which would have doubled the bill. The meal had a number of attempts at being noteworthy but didn't hit the high spots. Breads baked in a clay trough was undercooked & so doghy but oils to accompany it flavoursome. Wine by the glass from a bottle that had oxidised and comment didn't get it replaced. Ambient lighting was too dark to see how the duck had been cooked but the it wasnt tough or taking on that overcooked taste duck can be prone too. The orange sauce lacked depth and was mostly just sweet. at 40 quid it would have been overcharged in Mayfair, at 60 in Delhi it is daft. Attentive service was the high point and the evident desire to improve what is still (apparently) a new restaurant are plusses. Hotel car to airport convieniently added into bill before departure and normal super efficeient luggage handling. Conference centre staff attentive and well organised Stayed September 2014, travelled on business
</rev29>

<rev30>
Recently I had a Business Trip at Delhi and I stayed in The Lalit, New Delhi. I have been staying here more often . Good Services was rendered by the Hotel Staff - Jitender Pandey. Suresh G. Bharwani Chairman & M.D. Stayed September 2014, travelled on business
</rev30>

<rev31>

I stayed in 2 hotels in Delhi & really enjoyed this one. Good location. Modern rooms with lovely bathroom. Bit difficult to explain but big glass window with a curtain. Great buffet breakfast & the evening food was brilliant. Their indian restaurant was tasty & also their european food was spot on. The pizza was the best that I ate during my trip in India. The staff were really helpful. Able to change cash at any time & arrange taxis without any bother. The concierge also remembered us when we came back a few days later to eat there.  Would definitely stay there again!
Also - nice view of Delhi!

</rev31>
